Update presence-admins.md (#7100)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/presence-admins.md

 > [!Note]
 > For details about Teams user profiles on different platforms, see [Teams features by platform](https://support.microsoft.com/office/teams-features-by-platform-debe7ff4-7db4-4138-b7d0-fcc276f392d3).

>  > [!Note]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  > [!Note]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

 > [!NOTE]
```

>  > Teams respects the privacy configuration so if you have enabled the privacy mode your presence will not be published for external users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > Teams respects the privacy configuration so if you have enabled the privacy mode, your presence will not be visible to external users.
```
